Add Code Graph OKRs to strategy page (#507)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/company/strategy/code-graph/index.md

[1]: https://future.a16z.com/the-case-for-developer-experience/

## Themes & Goals

> We are focused on several themes to help make our one year vision a reality. They are not listed in priority order, as we are pursuing all of them. To see how these play into what any particular product area is delivering, take a look at the individual team strategy pages linked at the [top of this page](#code-graph).

Author: ```suggestion
We are focused on several themes to help make our one year vision a reality. They are not listed in priority order. To see how these play into what any particular product area is delivering, take a look at the individual team strategy pages linked at the [top of this page](#code-graph).
```

We also set our goals around these themes, sou can see current (Q4 2021) goals as a bullet list in each theme.

### Make the power of our features easier to find and use

Learning what's possible and how to get the most out of our product tends to be trial and error, especially for an individual developer who might have a unique set of use cases and interests for which they would benefit from exploring. Making onboarding and interaction easier also helps our users and sales teams demonstrate the value of our product more quickly than is possible today.

> - Measure and increase [WAU](../../../bizops/user_definitions) for product areas that are important to paid adoption by 15%. For most teams this will require understanding and improving time-to-value as a driver for increasing active users. (All Teams)

Author: ```suggestion
- Measure and increase [WAU](../../../bizops/user_definitions.md) for product areas that are important to paid adoption by 15%. For most teams this will require understanding and improving time-to-value as a driver for increasing active users. (All Teams)
```

> - Measure and increase [WAU](../../../bizops/user_definitions.md) for product areas that are important to paid adoption by 15%. For most teams this will require understanding and improving time-to-value as a driver for increasing active users. (All Teams)

Author: ```suggestion
- Measure and increase [WAU](../../../bizops/user_definitions.md) for [customer facing product areas](https://github.com/sourcegraph/handbook/blob/main/data/product_areas.yml) by 15%. For most teams this will require understanding and improving time-to-value as a driver for increasing active users. (All Teams)
```

> - Make it easier to adopt Batch Changes by fixing top three changeset syncing and permission configuration issues. ([Batch Changes](./batch-changes/index.md))

Author: @malomarrec @yinquanteo if you change the OKR in the FY22 OKRs doc please update it here also so this is ready to merge once approved.

- 3 customers with >1 Search Notebook, demonstrating initial traction for this feature and proving the value of Search Notebooks for sharing explanations of code. ([Search Product](./search/index.md))

### Level up our enterprise-ready features

How our product works in terms of pricing, upgrade paths, auditing, single sign-on, access control, and so on are essential for enterprise customers with large, complex organizations. In partnership with our Cloud team, we're focused on ensuring that these elements of our product meet and exceed these needs so that when it comes to rolling out Sourcegraph the logistics of getting set up don't get in the way of realizing the value of Big Code search.

- Get a Sales commitment from a customer who will pay for Insights at launch, proving the value of the feature ([Code Insights](./code-insights/index.md))
- Enable out-of-the-box cross-repo and dependency navigation for 3 customers by successfully moving them to on-prem auto-indexing. ([Code intelligence](./code-intelligence/index.md))

> - Enable powerful automation and notification use cases e.g. by adding webhook and Slack integrations to Code Monitors and getting a Q1 2022 upgrade commitment from 3 customers. ([Search Product](./search/index.md))

Author: ```suggestion
- Enable powerful automation and notification use cases e.g. by adding webhook and Slack integrations to Code Monitors and getting a Q1 upgrade commitment from 3 customers. ([Search Product](./search/index.md))
```

### Deliver a unified experience

Our product solves real problems today, but investing in the polish, user experience, and cross-feature functionality within our product area to make the experience lovable and help us deliver solutions that are more than the sum of the parts. Code insights can lead you to a more detailed search, from which you might launch a more advanced semantic analysis. From here, you might use batch changes to remediate a problem and then document everything you've done in a search notebook. This flow works today, but we can do more to connect these experiences in ways that deliver more value than engaging with them separately.

- No goal in this quarter since we are improving our measurement capability; we expect to have more focus here in Q1.

### Scale for Big Code

We have more and more large customers dealing with a lot of code and complexity at scale. It's important that our platform meets their needs, not just in terms of search performance, but in allowing you to explore and understand complex interrelationships of meaning in source code, at the [world's largest scale](../index.md#big-code).

> - Make Sourcegraph Search work well with large monorepos, unlocking X revenue for enterprise sales in Y period (P75 time to first result for unindexed search on monorepos larger than 200GB is < 10s and <2s for indexed, time to indexing is always <30 minutes, and ranked search results are available for monorepos.) ([Search Core](./search/index.md))

Author: TODO replace?

Author: ```suggestion
- Make Sourcegraph Search work well with Salesforce-scale monorepos; some examples of achieving this could be P75 time to first result for unindexed search on monorepos larger than 200GB is < 10s and <2s for indexed, time to indexing is always <30 minutes, and we understand how search results should be ranked for monorepos. ([Search Core](./search/index.md))
```

> - Make Sourcegraph Search work well with Salesforce-scale monorepos; some examples of achieving this could be P75 time to first result for unindexed search on monorepos larger than 200GB is < 10s and <2s for indexed, time to indexing is always <30 minutes, and we understand how search results should be ranked for monorepos. ([Search Core](./search/index.md))

Author: ```suggestion
- Make Sourcegraph Search work well with Salesforce-scale monorepos; some examples of achieving this could be P75 time to first result for unindexed search on monorepos larger than 200GB is < 10s and <2s for indexed, time to indexing is always <30 minutes, and we understand how search results should be ranked for monorepos. ([Search Core](./search/index.md))
- Sourcegraph Cloud indexes public repositories globally from 4 non-GitHub code hosts. ([Search Core](./search/index.md))
```

[1]: https://future.a16z.com/the-case-for-developer-experience/

## Themes & Goals

We are focused on several themes to help make our one year vision a reality. They are not listed in priority order. To see how these play into what any particular product area is delivering, take a look at the individual team strategy pages linked at the [top of this page](#code-graph).

> We also set our goals around these themes, sou can see current (Q4 2021) goals as a bullet list in each theme.

Author: ```suggestion
We also set our goals around these themes, sou can see current (Q4 2021) goals as a bullet list in each theme. The team listed after each goal is the primary team responsible for implementing the goal, but in the end we achieve these together and will support each other as needed to make them reality.
```

- Make it easier to adopt Batch Changes by fixing top three changeset syncing and permission configuration issues. ([Batch Changes](./batch-changes/index.md))
- 3 customers with >1 Search Notebook, demonstrating initial traction for this feature and proving the value of Search Notebooks for sharing explanations of code. ([Search Product](./search/index.md))

### Level up our enterprise-ready features

How our product works in terms of pricing, upgrade paths, auditing, single sign-on, access control, and so on are essential for enterprise customers with large, complex organizations. In partnership with our Cloud team, we're focused on ensuring that these elements of our product meet and exceed these needs so that when it comes to rolling out Sourcegraph the logistics of getting set up don't get in the way of realizing the value of Big Code search.

- Get a Sales commitment from a customer who will pay for Insights at launch, proving the value of the feature ([Code Insights](./code-insights/index.md))
- Enable out-of-the-box cross-repo and dependency navigation for 3 customers by successfully moving them to on-prem auto-indexing. ([Code intelligence](./code-intelligence/index.md))

> - Enable powerful automation and notification use cases e.g. by adding webhook and Slack integrations to Code Monitors and getting a Q1 upgrade commitment from 3 customers. ([Search Product](./search/index.md))

Reviewer: This one is a bit confusing as far as how we are going to measure success.

> Q1 upgrade commitment from 3 customers.

What is the customer committing to upgrade here? Their instance or their usage of code monitors?

> e.g. by adding webhook and Slack integrations to Code Monitors

Is this just an example, or is adding this support a key part of the definition of success?

Given I don't understand the semantics of your intent here, here are some possible rewrites:
* Add webhook and Slack integrations to Code Monitors that solve the use case for customer(s) X, Y, Z
* 3 customers have committed to upgrading their Sourcegraph instance in Q1 so that they can use code monitors.

Author: @benvenker can you confirm?

Author: I believe it's just "upgrading to use" and we can say that more simply by "commitment to use".

```suggestion
- Enable powerful automation and notification use cases (e.g. by adding webhook and Slack integrations) to Code Monitors and getting a Q1 usage commitment from 3 customers. ([Search Product](./search/index.md))
```

@benvenker if this was wrong let me know/add a correction.

> - Improve precise code intelligence actions coverage by going from 3 to 5 officially ready languages (e.g., adding Kotlin and TS/JS), representing the languages in ~50% of all actions. ([Code intelligence](./code-intelligence/index.md))

Reviewer: > Improve precise code intelligence actions coverage by going from 3 to 5 officially ready languages (e.g., adding Kotlin and TS/JS)

This phrasing communicates that we have uncertainty about whether Kotlin and TS/JS are the right next two languages to pursue. Is this correct? If not, and if we have confidence, then maybe just make that more explicit in the KR (e.g. `Kotlin and TS/JS become officially supported for precise code intelligence`)

In any case, can you link to our list of officially ready languages (which hopefully also includes the definition of what officially ready means)?

Author: "Officially ready" wasn't a term of art in this case so removed it, it just means ones that work.

```suggestion
- Improve precise code intelligence actions coverage by going from 3 to 5 languages (adding Kotlin and TS/JS), representing the languages in ~50% of all actions. ([Code intelligence](./code-intelligence/index.md))
```

Author: @macraig FYI on the update above, let me know if anything looks incorrect there and we can fix it.

### Deliver a unified experience

Our product solves real problems today, but investing in the polish, user experience, and cross-feature functionality within our product area to make the experience lovable and help us deliver solutions that are more than the sum of the parts. Code insights can lead you to a more detailed search, from which you might launch a more advanced semantic analysis. From here, you might use batch changes to remediate a problem and then document everything you've done in a search notebook. This flow works today, but we can do more to connect these experiences in ways that deliver more value than engaging with them separately.

- No goal in this quarter since we are improving our measurement capability; we expect to have more focus here in Q1.

### Scale for Big Code

We have more and more large customers dealing with a lot of code and complexity at scale. It's important that our platform meets their needs, not just in terms of search performance, but in allowing you to explore and understand complex interrelationships of meaning in source code, at the [world's largest scale](../index.md#big-code).

> - Make Sourcegraph Search work well with large-scale monorepos; some examples of achieving this could be P75 time to first result for unindexed search on monorepos larger than 200GB is < 10s and <2s for indexed, time to indexing is always <30 minutes, and we understand how search results should be ranked for monorepos. ([Search Core](./search/index.md))

Author: Maybe this is a good update @lguychard ? It re-makes the criteria we discussed above part of the KR again, and removes the software one "we understand how.." which we can still do but not track as part of the key result.

```suggestion
- Make Sourcegraph Search work well with large-scale monorepos (time to first result for unindexed search on monorepos larger than 200GB is < 10s and <2s for indexed, and time to indexing is always <30 minutes). ([Search Core](./search/index.md))
```

Author: Context feedback from @nicksnyder:

> Do we not know what exactly scale problem(s) they are experiencing?
>
> I would rather see the team commit to a single clear result here, and then update it later if it turns out we were wrong, instead of being non-committal about what success looks like.
> 
> Alternatively, you could turn this KR into something that could be validated with a customer outcome. For example: Key accounts technical wins not blocked by any issues with search

Author: @lguychard looks like you are still out today, so I'm going to commit this suggestion and merge it. We can still update it when you get back.

Reviewer 2: This looks good to me. Thank you! (cc also @jjeffwarner)

Reviewer 3: Works for me as well.

> - Make Sourcegraph Search work well with Salesforce-scale monorepos; some examples of achieving this could be P75 time to first result for unindexed search on monorepos larger than 200GB is < 10s and <2s for indexed, time to indexing is always <30 minutes, and we understand how search results should be ranked for monorepos. ([Search Core](./search/index.md))

Reviewer: Do we not know what exactly scale problem(s) Salesforce is experiencing?

I would rather see the team commit to a single clear result here, and then update it later if it turns out we were wrong, instead of being non-committal about what success looks like.

Alternatively, you could turn this KR into something that could be validated with a Salesforce outcome. For example: `Salesforce technical win not blocked by any issues with search`

Author: To start I'll replace the customer name here with large-scale.

```suggestion
- Make Sourcegraph Search work well with large-scale monorepos; some examples of achieving this could be P75 time to first result for unindexed search on monorepos larger than 200GB is < 10s and <2s for indexed, time to indexing is always <30 minutes, and we understand how search results should be ranked for monorepos. ([Search Core](./search/index.md))
```

Author: @lguychard could you take a look at the feedback above?
